USF-4113: document dropins MCP server and storefront skills for AEM Boilerplate Commerce (#576)
AdobeDocs/commerce-extensibility: src/pages/developer-agent/coding-tools.md

      ? Which starter kit would you like to use?
      ❯ Integration starter kit
         Checkout starter kit
         AEM Boilerplate Commerce
      ```

>       **Note:** Selecting **AEM Boilerplate Commerce** additionally installs and configures the [`dropins` MCP server](#dropins-mcp-server-for-storefront-development) and storefront-specific agent skills, alongside the `commerce-extensibility` MCP server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      **Note:** Selecting **AEM Boilerplate Commerce** additionally installs and configures the [`dropins` MCP server](#dropins-mcp-server-for-storefront-development) and storefront agent skills in addition to the `commerce-extensibility` MCP server.
```

   Skills and MCP tools are installed. If you do not see them, restart your coding agent.

> ## `dropins` MCP server for storefront development

Reviewer: If this is part of the manual setup, it should be an h3. if this is not handled at all by the automated setup, i could suggest creating a separate page for this MCP.

```suggestion
### `dropins` MCP server for storefront development
```

Author: The Dropins MCP installation isn't only for manual setup. The automated `app-setup` flow also installs it when you choose the AEM Boilerplate Commerce starter kit.

Both flows use the same `tools-setup` logic behind the scenes, so the installation happens in both cases.

Because it applies to both flows, I kept it as an ## section alongside Manual setup and Post-installation configuration, instead of making it an ### under Manual setup.

I'm happy to add a short note at the beginning of the section to make it clear that it applies to both the automated and manual setup flows, if that would help. Let me know if you'd still prefer to move it to a separate page.

Reviewer: @OscarMerino thanks for the clarification. I would suggest moving this section into its own page and then referencing that page in both the manual and automatic setup sections. the page is already quite long and I think this section is important and I don't want it to get overlooked. Additionally, having it as its own page gives us a more detailed view of the analytics and makes the dropins MCP more obvious to customers.

Author: @jhadobe Done! I moved it to its own page: [dropins-mcp-server.md](https://github.com/AdobeDocs/commerce-extensibility/blob/USF-4113/src/pages/developer-agent/dropins-mcp-server.md). Referenced it from both the automated setup and manual setup sections in `coding-tools.md`, plus added it to the nav and the "Guides in this section" table on the overview page. Let me know if you'd like anything adjusted.

> When you select the **AEM Boilerplate Commerce** starter kit, `tools-setup` additionally installs the [`@dropins/mcp`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@dropins/mcp) server and a set of storefront-specific agent skills, alongside the standard `commerce-extensibility` MCP server and App Builder skills.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you select `AEM Boilerplate Commerce` in the `aio commerce extensibility tools-setup` command, the [`@dropins/mcp`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@dropins/mcp) server and a set of storefront-specific agent skills are installed in addition to the standard `commerce-extensibility` MCP server and App Builder skills.
```

> The `dropins` MCP server provides structured, authoritative data about every drop-in component — slots, event payloads, container props, public API signatures, shared model types, design tokens, i18n keys, and GraphQL operations — extracted directly from the drop-in source repositories. Agent skills use this server as the primary source of truth for storefront customization tasks, falling back to TypeScript definitions in `node_modules/@dropins/` when the server is unavailable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `dropins` MCP server provides structured, authoritative data about every drop-in component extracted directly from the drop-in source repositories. Agent skills use this server as the primary reference for storefront customization tasks, and fallback to the TypeScript definitions in `node_modules/@dropins/` when the server is unavailable.
```

> The tools-setup process:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you select `AEM Boilerplate Commerce` in the `aio commerce extensibility tools-setup` command, the tool:
```

> * Installs `@dropins/mcp` globally (`npm install -g @dropins/mcp@latest`) so the latest version is available immediately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Installs `@dropins/mcp` globally (`npm install -g @dropins/mcp@latest`), so the latest version is available immediately.
```

> * Configures your coding agent to run the server with `npx --yes @dropins/mcp`, so it starts automatically without prompting, whether or not the global install succeeded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Configures your coding agent to run the server with `npx --yes @dropins/mcp`, so it starts automatically without prompting.
```

For the list of storefront skills and the `dropins` MCP tools they use, see [Storefront skills](skills-and-prompts.md#storefront-skills).

### Updating the `dropins` MCP server

> The server checks npm on startup and prints a warning to stderr if a newer stable version is available. To update manually:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The server checks npm on startup and prints a warning to `stderr` if a newer stable version is available. To update manually run the following command:
```

```bash
npm update -g @dropins/mcp
```

<InlineAlert variant="info" slots="text" />

> Before deploying your project, complete configuration tasks: log in to [Adobe Developer Console](https://developer.adobe.com/console) using the Adobe I/O CLI, create an App Builder project (see [Project setup](../events/project-setup.md)), and set up environment variables in an `.env` file. You can do these steps manually or use the AI coding tools for guidance. See [Create an integration](../starter-kit/integration/create-integration.md) for detailed configuration instructions.

Reviewer: This line should probably be moved up before the dropins MCP section.
